END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

Prodigy Design Ltd. Software License Agreement


1. READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING THIS 
SOFTWARE ON YOUR PERSONAL COMPUTER OR CONSOLE GAME FOR ONLINE USE. THIS 
SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT IS A LEGAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU (AN INDIVIDUAL 
OR A SINGLE ENTITY "YOU") ON THE ONE HAND, AND PRODIGY DESIGN LTD. AND ITS 
SUBSIDIARIES AND AFFILIATES (COLLECTIVELY REFERRED TO AS "PRODIGY DESIGN 
LTD.") ON THE OTHER HAND, FOR THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT ENTITLED "SHATTER" WHICH 
INCLUDES COMPUTER SOFTWARE AND ANY ASSOCIATED MEDIA, PRINTED MATERIALS, 
AND/OR "ONLINE" OR ELECTRONIC DOCUMENTATION (TOGETHER CALLED THE 
"SOFTWARE"). BY INSTALLING, COPYING, OR OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE (OR, 
IN THE EVENT YOU HAVE PURCHASED THE SOFTWARE AS CONTAINED ON A CD-ROM, BY 
OPENING THE PACKAGING MATERIALS THEREOF), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE 
READ THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS. 
THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED, NOT SOLD, TO YOU FOR USE ONLY UNDER THE TERMS OF 
THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS SOFTWARE LICENSE 
AGREEMENT, DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THE SOFTWARE AND DELETE ALL COPIES IN YOUR 
POSSESSION. 

2. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Prodigy Design Ltd. grants You a 
non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use one copy of the Software 
and/or to use the Software for play online in the country in which You 
acquired the Software for Your own personal, non-commercial use, but 
retains all property rights in the Software and all copies thereof. All 
other rights are expressly reserved by Prodigy Design Ltd. or its 
Licensors. There is no license to download game content other than what is 
necessary to facilitate game play. You may: (i) use the Software on any 
supported computer configuration and/or console platform, provided the 
Software is used on only one (1) such computer; and (ii) permanently 
transfer the Software on any supported computer configuration only and its 
documentation to another user provided You retain no copies and the 
recipient agrees to the terms of this Agreement. You may not transfer, 
distribute, rent, sub-license, or lease the Software or documentation, 
except as provided herein; or alter, modify, or adapt the Product or 
documentation, or any portions thereof. 

3. You acknowledge that the Software in source code form remains a 
confidential trade secret of Prodigy Design Ltd. You agree not to modify or 
attempt to reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software, except 
and only to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by 
applicable law notwithstanding this limitation. You further acknowledge 
that the Software contains functions for collecting and tracking 
information related to Your use of the Software. Prodigy Design Ltd. 
reserves the right to compile, save and use such information within the 
scope of Prodigy Design Ltd.’s business activities, and analyze any and all 
of Your data (online registration data, stats, etc.). Prodigy Design 
Ltd.intends to use such data for internal purposes only. 

4. OWNERSHIP: All right, title and interest and intellectual property 
rights in and to the Software (including but not limited to any titles, 
computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, 
dialog, catch phrases, locations, concepts, artwork, images, photographs, 
animations, video, sounds, audio-visual effects, music, musical 
compositions, text and "applets," incorporated into the Software), the 
accompanying printed materials, and any copies of the Software, are owned 
by PRODIGY DESIGN LTD or its licensors. This Agreement grants You no rights 
to use such content other than as part of the Software. All rights not 
expressly granted under this Agreement are reserved by Prodigy Design Ltd. 

5. This Agreement is effective upon Your installation of the Software and 
shall continue until revoked by Prodigy Design Ltd. or until You breach any 
term hereof; upon termination You agree to destroy and/or delete all copies 
of the Software in Your possession. 

6. You shall not modify the Software or merge the Software into another 
computer Program (except to the extent the Software is made to operate 
within a computer operating system and in connection with other computer 
program) or create derivative works based upon the Software. 

7. You are responsible for assessing Your own computer and the results to 
be obtained therefrom. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS AT 
YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE" 
BASIS, UNLESS SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LEGALLY INCAPABLE OF EXCLUSION. PRODIGY 
DESIGN LTD. AND ITS LICENSORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, 
WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION 
ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A 
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, AND THOSE 
ARISING FROM A COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE. 
PRODIGY DESIGN LTD. AND ITS LICENSORS ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY 
DAMAGES SUFFERED BY YOU, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA, ITEMS 
OR OTHER MATERIALS FROM ERRORS OR OTHER MALFUNCTIONS CAUSED BY PRODIGY 
DESIGN LTD, ITS LICENSORS, LICENSEE AND/OR SUBCONTRACTORS, OR BY YOUR OR 
ANY OTHER PARTICIPANT'S OWN ERRORS AND/OR OMISSIONS. Prodigy Design Ltd. 
and its licensors make no warranty with respect to any related software or 
hardware used or provided by Prodigy Design Ltd. in connection with the 
Software except as may be expressly set forth above. 


8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT PRODIGY DESIGN 
LTD. AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT ASSUME OR HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY 
ACTION BY PRODIGY DESIGN LTD. OR ITS CONTENT PROVIDERS, OTHER PARTICIPANTS 
OR OTHER LICENSORS WITH RESPECT TO CONDUCT, COMMUNICATION OR CONTENT OF THE 
SOFTWARE. PRODIGY DESIGN LTD. AND ITS LICENSORS SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY 
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL 
DAMAGES RESULTING FROM POSSESSION, USE, OR MALFUNCTION OF THE SOFTWARE, 
INCLUDING DAMAGES TO PROPERTY, LOSS OF GOODWILL, COMPUTER FAILURE OR 
MALFUNCTION AND, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DAMAGES FOR PERSONAL 
INJURIES, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS 
EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, PRODIGY DESIGN LTD'S AND ITS LICENSORS’ ENTIRE 
LIABILITY TO YOU AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT 
IS LIMITED SOLELY TO THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID BY YOU FOR THE SOFTWARE, IF ANY. 
BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 
FOR CERTAIN DAMAGES, IN SUCH STATES PRODIGY DESIGN LTD'S AND ITS LICENSORS’ 
LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. 

9. INJUNCTION. Because Prodigy Design Ltd. would be irreparably damaged if 
the terms of this License Agreement were not specifically enforced, You 
agree that Prodigy Design Ltd. shall be entitled, without bond, other 
security or proof of damages, to appropriate equitable remedies with 
respect to breaches of this Agreement, in addition to such other remedies 
as Prodigy Design Ltd. may otherwise have under applicable laws. 

10. INDEMNITY. At Prodigy Design Ltd's request, You agree to defend, 
indemnify and hold harmless Prodigy Design Ltd, its subsidiaries, 
affiliates, contractors, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, 
licensees, distributors, developers, content providers, and other users of 
the Software, from all damages, losses, liabilities, claims and expenses, 
including attorneys' fees, arising directly or indirectly from Your acts 
and omissions to act in using the Software pursuant to the terms of this 
License Agreement or any breach of this License Agreement by You. Prodigy 
Design Ltd. reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive 
defence and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by 
You hereunder, and in such event, You shall have no further obligation to 
provide indemnification for such matter. 


11. TERMINATION. Without prejudice to any other rights of Prodigy Design 
Ltd, this License Agreement and Your right to use the Software may 
automatically terminate without notice from Prodigy Design Ltd. if You fail 
to comply with any provision of this Agreement or any terms and conditions 
associated with the Software. In such event, You must destroy all copies of 
this Software and all of its component parts. 


12. ONLINE. Prodigy Design Ltd. makes no guarantees regarding the 
availability of online play, and may modify or discontinue online service 
in its discretion without notice, including, for example, ceasing online 
service for economic reasons due to a limited number of players continuing 
to make use of the service over time. Should You use the online version of 
this game we will not ask You for any personally identifying information. 
You should avoid saying anything personally identifying in chat. You agree 
that Prodigy Design Ltd. has no liability for any violation of this 
Agreement by You or by any other player. When You play, You agree to be 
respectful of Your fellow players and never to engage in any behavior that 
would be abusive or offensive to other players, disruptive of the game 
experience, fraudulent or otherwise illegal. This includes but is not 
limited to: 

(a) Harassing or intimidating other players while chatting or playing this 
game online or using information obtained while chatting or playing this 
game to harass or intimidate fellow players outside of the game; 

(b) Using language, selecting names or creating any other content that is 
racially, ethnically or religiously offensive, sexually abusive, obscene or 
defamatory, and any content that is commercial in nature such as 
advertisements, solicitations and promotions for goods or services; 

(c) Using a player name that is the real name of any other person; 

(d) Violating any local, state or national law including but not limited to 
laws related to copyright, trademark, defamation, invasion of privacy and 
identity theft. 

13. GENERAL PROVISIONS. You may not use, copy, modify, sublicense, rent, 
sell, assign or transfer the rights or obligations granted to You in this 
Agreement, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. Any assignment 
in violation of this Agreement is void, except that You may transfer Your 
Software to another person provided that person accepts the terms of this 
License Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be 
unenforceable for any reason, such provision shall be reformed only to the 
extent necessary to make it enforceable, and such decision shall not affect 
the enforceability of: (i) such provision under other circumstances, or 
(ii) the remaining provisions hereof under all circumstances. Prodigy 
Design Ltd's failure to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this 
Agreement shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of 
such provisions, nor in any way affect the right of any party to enforce 
each and every such provision thereafter. The express waiver by Prodigy 
Design Ltd. of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement 
shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such 
provision, condition or requirement. Notwithstanding anything else in this 
Agreement, no default, delay or failure to perform on the part of Prodigy 
Design Ltd. shall be considered a breach of this Agreement if such default, 
delay or failure to perform is shown to be due to causes beyond the 
reasonable control of Prodigy Design Ltd. This Agreement shall be governed 
by the laws of New Zealand without regard to its conflicts of laws rules 
and You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of New Zealand. The United 
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall 
not apply to this Agreement. This Agreement represents the complete 
agreement concerning this License Agreement between You and Prodigy Design 
Ltd. 
